[Music]
zonia is an action RPG that wears its
inspiration on its sleeves mainly the
Zelda games of old and introduces you to
a vibrant World on the cusp of a great
battle between the forces of Good and
Evil you take on the fight as a young
boy known as regret who sets out to tape
down those responsible for the death of
his father the story is admittedly
predictable and on the whole quite
forgettable but it facilitates what
zonia gets so right and that's the game
playay from the get-go you're given the
option of several classes if you decide
to play as a paladin regret will have
access to magical attacks whereas a
warrior you'll get to carry around a
huge sword and be power-based and if you
choose the assassin class you'll be a
fast moving killer who uses two blades
naturally each has their own strengths
and weaknesses and get to play through
the game a few different ways after
you're done is also a great bonus now
out in the field there are two main
factors that you'll have to keep in mind
the first being your health and the
second being your energy as you progress
through the game regret will grow tired
and hungry if his energy ever Runs Out
you won't be able to do as many actions
or launch as many attacks so obtaining
food lited throughout the environment is
vital to your success further
complicating this issue though is the
limited weight that you can carry at any
one time and it soon becomes a juggling
Act of trying to maintain a consistent
amount of food whilst making sacrifices
when it comes to any loot you may come
across and want to keep it's a great
system that will no doubt keep you on
your toes throughout the playthrough so
for those fond of old school action
Adventures sprinkled with intelligent
and rewarding mechanics zonia is for
you there was no shortage of muso games
on the PSP with the ls of Dynasty
Warriors making an appearance players
were never short on options but huki
Warriors is one that never got his
chance in the spotlight you take control
of one of several different Warriors
which serve as the Shogun police as you
band up to take on an invading Army that
happens to be armed to the teeth with
modern weapons with only your sword by
your side you test with mowing down wave
after wave of enemies as you fight your
way through their ranks now when it
comes to combat everything consists of
fre basic attacks we've got light
charged and special which can be strung
together to create some impressive
combos to keep your target at bait as
you take down these enemies something
known as the Secura gauge will fill up
and upon completely filling it you can
then perform one of many special moves
that have the power to turn the tide of
even the most daunting battles what
helps set kuki apart from others of its
kind is the customization options that
allow you to craft several different
items as well as unlock a suite of
different costumes once you've completed
the game This lends a bit of longevity
to the game which is admittedly a bit
short and won't take too long to make
your way through but with the selection
of different characters as well as the
special unlocks for each of them there's
a lot of incentiv to start another run
once you finished your first on the
whole if musia F then huki Warriors will
for sure provide a compelling
[Music]
experience the feels like something
straight out the early '90s a game
that's completely stuck in the past and
brought absolutely nothing new to the
table for all its shortcomings though it
still provided a pretty decent orbe
basic Adventure that any longtime fan of
RPGs could enjoy and so you taken on the
role of chce who's best described as an
absolute knob he's a member of a guild
but is obnoxious some rather crass
approach to life has left him friendless
and with no drive to succeed however
this changes one day when he meets
Sophie a girl that goes on to help him
change his ways by asking him to follow
her as she locates several mystical gems
scattered across the kingdom the comedy
begins immediately as chce hates
children and Sophie is a child she's
happy but chce is a [__] and constantly
finds new ways to demonstrate what jerky
can beat which really contributes to the
humor throughout the game now as with
any RPG battles are a huge part of the
experience and they all play out in real
time very much in the manner of the tal
series and allows you to rack up huge
Combos and execute special abilities
you'll be leveling up and learning new
skills along the way that manag to keep
each battle engaging but to be honest it
can end up getting a bit repetitive due
to the hacken slash nature of the setup
now visually the Sprite work is Simply
Sublime that gives each character and
enemy you'll encounter a real sense of
personality and style sure it may look
crude by today's standards but it's
clear that a lot of attention with was
paid to the small details to help bring
everything on screen to life overall M
Mana won't be for everyone and instead
will likely only appeal to the hardore
fans amongst you that are willing to
overlook some of the game's rather
mundane
aspects it's its core Street Riders is
an arcade style racer that throws
weapons and a healthy dose of hip-hop
culture into the mix to create something
that's quite unique on the PSP
originally a PS2 game known as 187 ride
or die the handheld Port manages to
contain many aspects of its Home console
counterpart mainly the Intriguing and a
times manic gameplay that makes up the
game I would sees you be tasked with
navigating one of the many Urban tracks
whilst dodging traffic and drifting
around corners to stay out on top with a
great equalizer being the gun playay
that helps give you an extra Edge
there's a range of different vehicles to
jump into which all differ in their
speed and handling which makes try and
out each of them an essential task in
order to find one that you can get a
grips with matching this selection is a
wide range of Weaponry from standard
machine guns to rocket launchers and
pistols which all have their role to
play the shooting controls are demanding
but intuitive is with the default weapon
the Gunner can only Shoot Straight Ahead
or to the right but once the player
drives over one of the floating powerups
that is scattered around the course you
then given the freedom to shoot wherever
you please it can be tricky trying to
control the car and shoot at the same
time but it all soon becomes second
nature after some time with the game
when it comes down to it Street Riders
feels like a grownup Mario Kart just
less banana skins and more machine guns
it's a hell of a lot of fun but suffers
from not being easy to pick up and play
requiring you to get used to the many
mechanics that comprise it as a whole in
order to enjoy what it brings to the
table the PSP and RPGs went hand in hand
with the console soon garnering a
reputation for its abundance of
Unforgettable Adventures but one title
that seemingly fell through the crack
though was Mana at the core of the game
is the creation of items called
symphysis towards this end the player
contains recipes and must then collect
the necessary ingredients to create them
various areas around the academy that
you call home can be explored to hunt
monsters and more importantly gather
these ingredients they may be dropped by
monsters found by cutting grass hidden
in smashable crates and barrels or even
fished up from legs each track through
one of these areas which basically
functions as the game's dungeons is sure
to fill your stocks of ingredients and
is usually followed by lots of item
creation once back safely at the Academy
this system is is vital to leveling up
throughout the game as in order to do so
you need to create items that unlocked
with the use of something known as the
growth book it shares much in common
with the spear grid system from Final
Fantasy 10 and through the use of AP
which is acquired during battle you're
free to grow your character as you
please throughout your time with the
game speaking of battles a term based in
nature an employer row system with three
characters in the front providing the
bulk of your attacks and with have three
at the back off screen essentially
supporting them who can be switched out
at any time while starts at trading low
damage blows with the enemy in the first
chapter soon becomes a chaotic but
strategic Affair of constantly swapping
in characters at the right time to deal
the optimal amount of damage on any
given foot if you're looking to jump
into a new RPG on the PSP then manaker
is well worth checking
out Nova or NE orbit Vanguard Alliance
began its life on the iPhone it was one
of the first games that proved that a
viable firstperson shooting experience
was possible on the device which was
made all the more better with its
eventual port to the PSP it puts you
into the shoes of Captain car an a
willing hero who's dispatched to resolve
a mysterious space conflict and protect
the people of Earth who now live above
it in colonies the story is pretty
forgettable but game play more than
makes up for it and arms the player with
a range of inventive Weaponry to take on
each threat now there's about 12 levels
to make your way through which each
bring their own distinct challenge to
the table you have to navigate a
spaceship in one level going from room
to room rapidly to avoid running out of
oxygen in other stages you have to
navigate through expansive areas on
other worldly planets or take out
approaching enemies with turrets there's
no denying the clear influence of Halo
throughout Nova and this is no more
apparent than when it comes to its
presentation and style from the weapons
to its locals and characters it's clear
that Bungie's Masterpiece was a huge
inspiration for Nova this may come off
as cheap to some people but I feel it
does do enough to help it stand on its
own with the enemies being a real
highlight and the handful of boss
encounters that help bookend some of the
stages while it's nowhere near the best
FPS on the PSP it's still a solid game
that's definitely worth checking out if
you're fond of the
genre neut represented Falcon's efforts
to bring together two of their most
popular series those being Legend of
Heroes and ease the game serves as a
side story in the Heroes Universe and
draws upon the lessons they learned
whilst developing ease offering The Best
of Both Worlds in what ultimately feels
like a worthwhile Adventure to under
take you play is neuta a child who
yearns to find out what lies beyond the
island he calls home and after meeting a
fairy named noi he answers the Call to
Adventure and travels to several
mysterious continents while helping
their leaders in ridden the lands of
evil the gameplay takes the form of a
real-time action RPG and relies on the
tried and tested hacken slash mechanics
many will already be accustomed to with
both one-handed and two-handed weapons
neuta can perform various combinations
and use noi to cast spells in addition
there are Dodge rolls and double jems
and Landing successful hits create a
chain that increases strength
intelligence critical hit rate and other
attributes one huge aspect of neuta is
Loot and the various items that serve is
The Game's way of rewarding the player
for their hard work everything you
collect throughout each stage you visit
can be taken back to a museum in the hub
world and can be traded in for new gear
that offers up new skills and benefits
during battle this is the main way to
progress in the game and with so many
different items available if can easily
keep you occupied for quite some time
overall nauta is a great little RPG to
get into and with it now being available
on both the PlayStation 4 and switch as
well as this version on the PSP it's
never been easier to jump into it and
try it out for
yourself SWAT Target Liberty has to be
one of the most underrated tactical
Shooters of all time and much like the
title suggests is sees you taken command
of a SWAT team as you're propelled into
a wide variety of different scenarios as
would expect the focus isn't so much on
just the shooting aspect of the game and
it's the tactics and planning that's hit
front and center in addition to
selecting the gear that each member of
your squad will carry you can also
decide which specific SWAT members to
assign to your squad before each Mission
each member has a different set of
skills such as observation which gives
you a greater detection and visibility
range breaching which enables the member
to obtain compliance from suspects more
quickly or negotiation which enables you
to obtain more information from suspects
or civilians will be in question every
character's skill level will rise as
Squad members are promoted soon you'll
discover that your Tactical options have
significantly expanded at that point and
your main character will have much more
authority over your squad movements for
example as time goes on you'll get
greater combat Effectiveness in addition
to being able to evaluate the health and
cooperation of suspects and civilians
all of these little systems add up to a
really enjoyable tactical shooter so if
you've always been fond of these type of
games you should try SWAT Target Liberty
instead of believing the negative
reviews that mainstream game critics
have written about it that no doubt
contributed to its relative
obscurity originally released on the
PlayStation 2 formula front eventually
found its way to the PSP and held up
surprisingly well considering the
limitations of the handheld it sees you
commanding a newly formed Squad
consisting of five armor core units and
in the futuristic sport known as formula
front it is your job as an architect to
put together an adjust the units so that
you can compete against other Max this
aspect of the game is the main driving
force behind the experience and for that
reason alone it might turn off some
casual players as most of your time is
taken up by navigating menus and
tinkering with various options the game
serves up for hardcore fans though it's
a dream come true and the amount of
customization is nonon endless with a
copious amount of weapons body types and
armor to choose from which all have a
noticeable effect on the battlefield now
combat is where Formula front truly
comes into its and allows you to either
manually participate or leave it up to
the AI to Juke it out the controls are
incredibly tight and responsive and
change depending on the weight to or
type of your machine so it's essential
to try out a good amount of different
setups in order to settle into one ni
suture play style now by far one of
formula front's most endearing aspects
of the visuals every single component is
intricately designed and it's amazing to
see how they all work together to form a
massive robot the AC units have good
animation and their movements across the
battlefield can even seem graceful at
points along with amazing weapon effects
such as explosions laser beams rockets
and machine gun rounds flying all over
the screen if you're a Mech fan formula
front will in no way
[Music]
disappoint fate extra is essentially a
Dungeon Crawler that's based on a
popular Japanese visual novel by the
name of Fate State night and similar to
the book the game has a captivating plot
the centers on Masters who command their
servants to carry out their wishes it
all takes place in a school where
students are participants in a
tournament with the Ultimate Prize being
the Holy Grail a device that grants
wishes in order to survive the weekly
elimination battles you must defeat
other masters with the help of your
legendary Soul a magical servant who
fights in your place this is where
combat comes into play and is hands down
the best feature in the game it takes
the form of a rock paper scissors system
in which you're given three actions to
perform attack guard and break with each
being strong or weak against the other
the problem is that you have no idea
what actions your opponent will make and
because of these limitations fighting
becomes a guessing game that pushes you
to learn the patters of opposing attacks
the more often you encounter a specific
type of monster the more pieces of these
patterns your servant unlocks keeping
each encounter from becoming too
difficult now for the PSP this is one of
the best looking games you'll find on
the system the dungeons while at first
may be a little bare looking get
progressively more beautiful but it's
during battle where the visual flare
begins to shine each move and effect Act
is mely portrayed and brings about a
sort of grandiose impression especially
during many of the boss fights that make
up the adventure on the whole the
repetitive nature of the battles may not
be everyone's cup of tea but thanks to a
stellar story and its stylish
presentation it's easy to recommend you
try this one out well that does it for
today's video keep an eye out for part
two as that will be coming up soon so
don't forget to subscribe and hit that
Bell to get notified about new videos
you can follow me on all of the socials
which are linked below to stay up to dat
and also join my growing community on
Discord to meet many like-minded gamers
to continue the conversation with I'd
like to give a special shout out to my
patreon supporters Rhino skill Jim
shudan Richard Amy Daniel Dio Omar
Strider Pierre KL awesome Jacka dude
Maximus Scott Alfred Terry Ryan Alex
GameCube galaxy C salary man fake Edie
who and Patty J for their continued
support that helps make these videos
possible if you're interested in joining
my Discord or supporting the channel
through patreon you'll find all of these
links down below as always thanks for
taking the time to watch the video I'll
catch you next time
[Music]
[Applause]